docs(repo): add instruction on naming custom functions (#2285)
stoplightio/spectral: docs/guides/5-custom-functions.md

Where the function `functions/equals.js` might look like:

```js
import { createRulesetFunction } from "@stoplight/spectral-core";

export default createRulesetFunction(
  {
    input: null,
    options: {
      type: "object",
      additionalProperties: false,
      properties: {
        value: true,
      },
      required: ["value"],
    },
  },
  (input, options) => {
    const { value } = options;

    if (targetVal !== value) {
      return [
        {
          message: `Value must equal ${value}.`,
        },
      ];
    }
  },
);
```

> You can alo name the custom function by importing `IFunctionResult`. This can help debug any errors as the function name will be printed out in any error messages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also name the custom function by using `createRulesetFunction` and passing a named function. This can help debug any errors as the function name will be printed out in any error messages:
```

```js

> import { createRulesetFunction, IFunctionResult } from '@stoplight/spectral-core';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { createRulesetFunction } from '@stoplight/spectral-core';
```

    },
    required: ['value'],
  },

> }, function customEquals (input, options): IFunctionResult[] => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}, function customEquals (input, options) {
```
